# Quantum-Hardware-Simulations
A collection of physical simulations for understanding and developing quantum computing hardware.

## bell.py
Runs simulation of Bell experiments to demonstrate Bell's Inequality violation due to violations of local realism assumptions. 
Locality refers to the property that no particle can communicate or travel faster than the speed of light; realism is a property in which real, observable quantities, such as spin and angular momentum, are predetermined and imbued within particles upon creation. In tandem, they form the proposal of local realism postulated by Einstein, Podolsky, and Rosen, ultimately stating that the theory of quantum mechanics is incomplete, since quantum effects can be explained by a local hidden variable theory. This theory attempts to explain the probabilistic nature of quantum mechanics by postulating that there are deterministic, inaccessible variables that account for quantum mechanical behavior, such as variable measurement outcomes of particle properties and entanglement. Bell's inequality is an expression of classical probability, that, if violated, disproves the local hidden variable theory and demonstrates that locality or realism is violated (either particles have influences independent of the speed of light, perhaps those faster than light or allowing particles to communicate or move faster than the speed of light; or they have stochastic physical properties). A Bell pair, which has maximum entanglement, can be shared between two observers and allows for this experiment to conclusively violate the inequality.

## josephson.py
Runs simulation of evolving Josephson junction potential, currents (resistive, super, and capacitive), voltages, and phase, demonstrating a solution of the 'tilted washboard' model for a Josephson function. This solution is integral to the development of SQUIDs, or Superconducting Quantum Interference Devices, which are can be leveraged as physical qubit devices. 
Anharmonicity is the spacing between energy levels in molecular and atomic systems; this phenomenon emerges from the arrangement of Josephson Junctions in the specific SQUID configuration (two Josephson junctions are arranged in a parallel circuit that forms a superconducting ring or loop). 
The Josephson junction is also the integral building block of superconducting qubits since it allows for the exhibition of 'artificial atom' behavior, which allows superconducting qubits to precisely manipulate and control quantum states for effective quantum information processing.
